Major Editorial Update (#826)
ethereum-oasis-op/baseline: docs/deprecated-work/baseline-protocol-code/baseline-process.md

Parties store data in local systems of record (Mongo, Oracle, SAP, etc). Components involved in the baseline process are given CRUD access to this and conduct a series of operations to serialize records (including any associated business logic), send those records to counterparties, receive the records, sign them, generate proofs, and store these proofs to a Merkle Tree on the Mainnet.

> Connectors for various systems can be found [here](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/baseline/tree/master/examples/bri-1/lib).

Reviewer: master -> main
meaningful link text

```suggestion
[Example Connectors](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/baseline/tree/main/examples/bri-1/lib) are available for various systems.
```

More elaborate Workflows may contain rules that govern the state changes from one Workstep to the next. These can be written in zero knowledge circuits, and in a future release, one will be able to send business logic to counterparties without constructing special zk circuits (but allowing the core zk "consistency" circuit to check both code and data).

> To set up this business logic, use the Baseline Protocol Privacy Package [here](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/baseline/tree/master/core/privacy).

Reviewer: master -> main
use distinctive phrases as link text

```suggestion
To set up this business logic, use the [Baseline Protocol Privacy Package](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/baseline/tree/main/core/privacy).
```

### Deploying the Contracts

Once the business logic is rendered into provers, deploy the Workflow as follows:

> First deploy a Node that has the baseline protocol RPC interface implemented. The Nethermind Ethereum Client is the first to implement this code. Alternatively, you can deploy the [commit-mgr](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/baseline/tree/master/examples/bri-2/commit-mgr) Ethereum client extension plus a client type of your choice (i.e. Besu, Infura, etc.)

Reviewer: master -> main

```suggestion
First deploy a Node that has the baseline protocol RPC interface implemented. The Nethermind Ethereum Client is the first to implement this code. Alternatively, you can deploy the [commit-mgr](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/baseline/tree/main/examples/bri-2/commit-mgr) Ethereum client extension plus a client type of your choice (i.e. Besu, Infura, etc.)
```

> Next, use the `IBaselineRPC` call in the Client to deploy the Shield and Verifier contracts on-chain. This can be found [here](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/baseline/tree/master/core/api).

Reviewer: > this can be found...

Oh no it can't...
